Xue Xiaoyan
I knew you must love me
Old love is never as good as new love
Bamboo horses are no match for sky-high prices
Mr. Lu, are you inevitable to die?
Stop talking nonsense
Release Mr. Lu
Are you sure you don't want to save your wife?
And learn from the poor?
I have divorced Gangnam
Whether he's dead or alive has nothing to do with me
OK
Since Mr. Lu has made a choice
Come on guys let him go
Really you don't know
Brother scared me to death I said
I will definitely protect you.
Mr. Lu
Oh, thank you kindly.
Thank you for leaving your wife for our male power
Brothers, untie him and take him away
Let me enjoy
Don't go, don't go
Want to rely on me
go home